# July 2, 2003 - Crawford, Hilton

**Date of Birth**: 03/14/1939<br/>
**Date of Offense**: 09/12/1995<br/>
**Date of execution**: 07/02/2003<br/>

## Summary of Incident
Convicted in the September 1995 abduction and murder of 12-year-old McKay Everett, the son of a family friend who affectionately referred to his killer as "Uncle Hilty." Crawford kidnapped the boy from his Conroe home after luring his parents away to a meeting of Amway distributors. Crawford locked the boy in the trunk of his car and drove him to Louisiana. Meanwhile, Crawford's codefendant, Irene Flores, placed a ransom call to McKay's parents, demanding $500.000 for his safe return Near Whiskey Bay, Louisiana. Crawford drove to a remote area and shot McKay twice with a .45 caliber pistol after striking him in the head with a blunt object. Arrested at his Conroe home three days following the abduction, Crawford admitted kidnapping the boy but would not tell authorities about his whereabouts or whether he was still alive. Later, Crawford described the area where McKay's body was found. Crawford claims he concocted the kidnapping to bail him out of financial difficulties. He said he did strike McKay inside the trunk but that a man he identities as R L Remington actually killed the boy. R.L. Remington's identity has not been verified.

## Last statement
First of all, I would like to ask Sister Teresa to send Connie a yellow rose. I want to thank the Lord, Jesus Christ, for the years I have spent on death row. They have been a blessing in my life. I have had the opportunity to serve Jesus Christ and I am thankful for the opportunity. I would like to thank Father Walsh for having become a Franciscan, and all the people all over the world who have become my friends. It has been a wonderful experience in my life. I would like to thank Chaplain Lopez, and my witnesses for giving me their support and love. I would like to thank the Nuns in England for their support. I want to tell my sons I love them; I have always loved them - they were my greatest gift from God. I want to tell my witnesses, Tannie, Rebecca, Al, Leo, and Dr. Blackwell that I love all of you and I am thankful for your support. I want to ask Paulette for forgiveness from your heart. One day, I hope you will. It is a tragedy for my family and your family. I am sorry. My special angel, I love you. And I love you, Connie. May God pass me over to the Kindom's shore softly and gently. I am ready.