# September 22, 1992 - Demouchette, James

**Date of Birth**: 05/20/1955<br/>
**Date of Offense**: 10/17/1976<br/>
**Date of execution**: 09/22/1992<br/>

## Summary of Incident
October 17, 1976 shooting deaths of Scott Sorrell, 19, Asst. Manager and his roommate Robert White, 20, at a Pizza Hut restaurant on Antoine Rd in Northwest Houston. Both Sorrell and White were shot in the head with a .38 caliber revolver as they and restaurant manager Geoff Hambrick, 18, sat at a table with Demouchette and his brother, Christopher, after closing. Hambrick was also shot in the head by James Demouchette but survived his wound. Hambrick who slumped over the table and played dead, testified that the Demouchette brothers ransacked the back office, taking a sack of change and a piece of stereo equipment. Before leaving the restaurant, James Demouchette heard Sorrell choking on his own blood and shot him a second time. James then turned the gun on Hambrick a second time, but found it empty when he pulled the trigger. Christopher Demouchette surrendered to police the next morning and gave a written statement implicating himself and his brother in the shootings. James was arrested at his home that afternoon. James' capital murder & death sentence were overturned in 1981 by the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals on grounds that he had not been warned of his right to remain silent by the court-appointed psychologist prior to his competency examination in 1977. In Augusto 1983, Demouchette killed inmate Johnny E. Swift by stabbing him 16 times in the chest inside a prison dayroom.

## Last statement
This offender declined to make a last statement.