# November 1, 2000 - Dillingham, Jeffery

**Date of Birth**: 03/06/1973<br/>
**Date of Offense**: 03/12/1992<br/>
**Date of execution**: 11/01/2000<br/>

## Summary of Incident
Convicted in the March 1992 murder-for-hire of 40-year-old Caren Koslow of Fort Worth. Koslow and her husband Jack were asleep inside their residence at 4100 Clarke Avenue when Dillingham and co-defendant Brian Dennis Salter entered through a rear entrance and disarmed an alarm system with a code provided them by Kristi Koslow, the couple's daughter. The two intruders forced the couple to lie on the floor and then beat them with a steel bar and slashed their throats. The two stole Mr. Koslow's wallet, $200 in cash and a wrist watch worth $1,600. Mrs. Koslow died at the scene, but Mr. Koslow survived to alert police. Statements revealed that the couple was attacked in return for $1 million promised by Kristi Koslow.

## Last statement
I would just like to apologize to the victim's family for what I did. I take full responsibility for that poor woman's death, for the pain and suffering inflicted on Mr. Koslow. Father, I want to thank you for all of the beautiful people you put in my life. I could not have asked for two greater parents than you gave me. I could just ask for two greater people in their life now. It is a blessing that there are people that they love so much but even more so, people that I love so much. I thank you for all the things you have done in my life, for the ways that you have opened my eyes, softened my heart. The ways that you have taught me. For teaching me how to love, for all of the bad things you have taken out of my life. For all the good things you have added to it. I thank you for all of the beautiful promises that you make us in your word, and I graciously received every one of them. Thank you Heavenly Father for getting me off of death row and for bringing me home out of prison. I love you Heavenly Father, I love you Jesus. Thank you both for loving me. Amen.