# September 24, 2002 - Mays, Rex

**Date of Birth**: 01/21/1960<br/>
**Date of Offense**: 07/20/1992<br/>
**Date of execution**: 09/24/2002<br/>

## Summary of Incident
Convicted in the stabbing deaths of Kynara Lorin Carreiro and her playmate Kristin Michelle Wiley inside Wiley's Houston home. The girls, ages 7 & 10, were alone in the home when Mays, a neighbor to the Wileys, entered and attacked them with a knife. Both girls were stabbed numerous times in the neck and face. Following the deadly assault, Mays returned home, changed clothes, and met sheriff deputies as a concerned neighbor when they arrived to investigate the murders. Mays ultimately gave authorities a written confession, noting that he was distraught over having lost his job the same day of the killing.

## Last statement
I would like to say a final prayer: Dear Heavenly Father, I come to you today, Lord, and thank You for this opportunity to be with You in paradise. I ask You for forgiveness for the ones that need to be forgiven. Dear Lord, deliver us from evil and give us the comfort and peace and joy that we need. Dear Lord, I ask You right now to be with each of the witnesses and lift them up and be on solid ground. Let them know what has gone on and may we all see each other again. Amen. I would like to thank each witness: Ms. Cox, Whiteside, Reed, Scott, and Chad. I am going to go and see Jesus tonight and reserve a special place for each one of you. You all have been there when no one else was. Thank you for all of your love and support. Just know that I am ready to go. You all know what I've gone through. I am going to a better place with the Lord. I'm mad for one reason, that I'm leaving you behind, when I am going to a better place. Y'all still have to go through this hell on earth. Just remember the good things and not the bad. You are all loved and respected. Warden, just give me parole and let me go home to be with the Lord.