# September 5, 2007 - Roach, Tony

**Date of Birth**: 11/09/1976<br/>
**Date of Offense**: 06/08/1998<br/>
**Date of execution**: 09/05/2007<br/>

## Summary of Incident
On 06/08/98, in Amarillo, Texas, Roach fatally strangled a 29-year old white female after burglarizing her residence. Roach knocked on the victim's apartment door and when he did not receive an answer, he pried open a window and gained entry. Roach saw the victim sitting in the living room. Roach hid in the bathroom and when the victim walked down the hallway, he confronted her. The victim struggled with Roach. He placed a belt around her neck and strangled her. When the victim was dead, Roach sexually assaulted the body. Roach set fire to the residence prior to leaving.

## Last statement
Yes sir, I do. Go ahead? First of all I want to thank God for the love; thank God for the love from the family and friends that I have. To God I give the glory though the years. I love and care about the Lord. The Lord knows that I prayed for the victim's family. I know you all probably have bitterness and hate for what I did. There is not a day goes by that I have not prayed for Ronni Dawn Hewitt and Carol Dawson and her daughter who was left behind. I pray to God, the Lord Almighty that like he did for me, he will reach out and help you. I just pray that the Lord takes away your bitterness. There is so much hurt that I have caused you all. On the phone, I talked to my family for two hours. It was hard to see such a big man just break down and cry like a little baby. I hope this will touch your hearts like you have touched mine. I know it is hard for you all. I am to blame for this, I will take that Lord, when I get there. Back in 2003, I want to tell you this. I got down on my knees. The Lord knew my heart. I wanted to kill myself. I spoke to Ms. Ronnie Dawn Hewitt. The next day I received a letter that they had lost a friend to suicide. She said that she forgave me and that was something that I needed to hear. God helped me to forgive myself and move on. I just pray that some day you will find forgiveness in your heart. Know that your loved one is in a good place. I am sorry for what I have done. I cannot agree with this injustice. The Bible says that you shalt not kill, but it also says to obey the government. I am sorry, forgive me. Francis, I love you and thank you for being here. I have no ill will towards anyone carrying out this so called justice. Thank you. I am ready Warden.