# May 19, 2010 - Cannady, Rogelio

**Date of Birth**: 05/29/1972<br/>
**Date of Offense**: 10/10/1993<br/>
**Date of execution**: 05/19/2010<br/>

## Summary of Incident
On October 10, 1993 Cannady caused the death of a 55-year-old Hispanic male Texas prison inmate inside a medium custody housing area at the McConnell Unit in Beeville. The victim, who was Cannady's cellmate, was beaten with a steel lock attached to a belt and kicked repeatedly in the head with steel-toed boots by Cannady. The victim, who was serving a 15-year sentence for murder from Tarrant County, died two days later. Cannady was the first Texas prison inmate to be prosecuted under a 1993 statute that allows for capital murder convictions if the offender is serving 99 years or life as a result of previous murder convictions.

## Last statement
Yes, I do, Victor, Gary Hey bros, I know you can hear me, I can't hear you. I was in there right now thinking how we grew up... You know how we grew up in the same house. We need to love each other like we use to. Deena, Bob we were raised in the same house, we need to take care of each other and love each other like we use to. Adela I love you, Mijta, I need you to take care of your mom. We need to love each other like we use to. Juana, all the kindness that you showed me. Taking the time to show me the friendship that you did. I can never repay that. Take of yourself OK; you see I am doing good. I am OK. Thank you for showing me that I can be loved again. You showed me a love that I sometimes didn't deserve. I love you for that. You need to take care of yourself. I am going to be OK; I know where I'll be. I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you , I love you, I love you too bro. Take care of yall. May God have mercy on my soul. I thought it was going to be harder than this. I am ready to go. I am going to sleep now. I can feel it, it's affecting me now.