# January 4, 1995 - Jacobs, Jesse

**Date of Birth**: 02/12/1950<br/>
**Date of Offense**: 02/21/1986<br/>
**Date of execution**: 01/04/1995<br/>

## Summary of Incident
Convicted in the abduction and shooting death of Etta Ann Urdiales, the ex-wife of his sister's boyfriend. Jacobs told police his sister, Bobbie Jean Hogan, offered him $500 and a place to stay if he would kill Urdiales. He said Urdiales, 25, was supposedly pestering her ex-husband, Michael Urdiales, about child support payments and custody. Jacobs, posing as a co-worker of Urdiales' boyfriend, abducted the victim from her Conroe apartment, drove her to an area south of Sawdust Road near The Woodlands' and shot her once in the head with a .38-caliber pistol after blindfolding her with a towel. He then wrapped her body in a sleeping bag and buried her in a wooded area. Her body was not discovered until Sept. 13, 1986. Meanwhile, Jacobs went on a 6-month crime spree, during which he committed nine robberies and stole six vehicles. He was finally stopped in a stolen car at a checkpoint near Sierra Blanco, Dexas on Sept. 9, 1986 and arrested for armed robbery. He was returned to Conroe three days later and gave an oral confession to the Urdiales murder. Jacobs escaped from the Montgomery County Jail on Sept. 28, 1986 by removing concrete blocks from the cell wall. He was recaptured the next day.

## Last statement
I have committed lots of sin in my life, but I am not guilty of this crime.@@I would like to tell my son, daughter and wife that I love them '@@Eden, if they want proof of them, give it to them. Thanks for being my friend.